do a make up hi all I'm soaking I'm
we're gonna make up sorrow I'm pain have
a popular now first never wear rubber
and you're gonna up your hair out stupid
whoever our hands neck Michael I mean
stupid I'm not I'm not sure I mean but
you should wear ever ever ever I was
kind of crazy right so anyway I gotta
cut that up in my pink yeah time I'll
say night I'm next I'm gonna do a
morning became I'm so sorry I am and I
mean I'm so sorry I'm doing them only
element book her name see how I did this
here so I'm so sorry that I'm doing
these videos on the same day don't put
this on a robe or are we really
important every 30 Bob to do just for
you if I'm just came over today so yeah
what's fine grab my ipod had a camera I
would have to use my Paris computer and
I can have like 10 20 videos now yeah
like any of them oh wait I need me
always we're not polish and makeup now
it has you light where people can save a
candidate Mike where teachers not know
this
yeah I really like this term except
freighters and I think my hands to UM a
like now now on their boat where Brandon
you have to have at least two branded
shirts I have to be at least good one
has me alone one husband sure i'm not
the hardware into writer yeah you might
have saw on my already also kidding you
know it just fake video that me and Mike
are made up yeah anyways fourth of all I
need for the lost never ever ever ever
ever go without jewelry anymore then it
has to be more than earrings someone
hearing on when we pop your OH
so that you have to do this no I'll
start rapper comfort inn bitch they are
expensive no one cares about them you
can have like North Bay most are not as
expensive Hollister singing of them nice
base pair Arab stop anything that has an
output me an evenly isn't he has a
poster or out of crumb bein yeah blah
what is up hello that's nice but I'm
Rebecca Rebecca mini I'm recommend for
teenage girls what he'll gordmans for
like kids and like little girls who want
to be popular um yeah yep it this it's
666 never ever remember remember bed
forever and ever go without at least a
little bit of water just a little bit so
yeah be nice have good hygiene yeah
that's really all be nice and have the
hygiene and it'd be nice and have good
hugging and never ever ever ever ever
bully I don't care push this loser you
never bowling okay and you know you
should learn that you should learn the
hard way Hitler who looks through that
little brown box in the corner it's like
my thing flashlight that's mine nice
really doe it's Hannibal but this is my
living room where I'm gonna do a living
living room coming out sound like
yeah I'm not myself in living room how
next time on doing morning routine but
yo not tutorial not anything like that
all I might do it sorry hi sure nothing
by see how long you can make this way
without blinking nope not that one day
when I can't along you can rid of it
that laughing okay
your mess in that's telling you here
with this one so yeah um I hope you like
a sale now the most girls in which went
very popular comes in a coma and
wannabes but no don't worry about that
girl it won't be hard cause one of the
wannabes you want I promise you won't be
home by the why did you know the winery
is a long to Long Beach super popular
belief in European by hope you liked the
video today